I'm standing here with our women's a
bodybuilding champion here tonight
Sheila black also the best poser award
you went home with all the cash and
hardware yeah yeah I take the host out
finally yeah I always talk about you
know when first of all when they before
they announced your name even there was
I think they called third place out and
you already cried and Johnny got it on
film too
no I would say cracking but it's like
yeah the anxiety you know yeah
were you nervous so we just did you know
you had it from my experience I gave up
on being too excited for the possible
first place because also it's like no
you lost it by one point or two points
so when they had Jennifer's Cydia her
and I pulling off she's beat me before
back in 2007 her nervous yeah of course
of course I'm gonna be nervous now you
are probably and I've said this a
million times one of the best posers
maybe in the history of the IFBB you
always have a new routine with a
different theme a different emotive you
know an energy that you put on the stage
what was the theme tonight this song is
actually written by a kid named justin
woody and he calls his solo group to ten
come in and the song is called out from
the darkness he's an artist so am i
we're both in a writer's block for about
a year which is why he didn't really see
me on the stage on top of everything
else was kind of going on so he hits me
up in 2013 he says I got this new piece
let me know and I hadn't heard from for
Betty its original its original and well
just like the capture in 2007 and on my
way home I use that's all from him you
know yeah he's a kid that was in college
and now he actually does she muscle net
and he helps Network out all the female
body Bros in the world he's got that
piece of music and you just knew you
wanted to do it because we both kind of
came out of the dark you know because
writer's block is painful you gotta know
that you know any artists understand
that so of course I was working on and
I'm thinking how can I engage movements
with the sound of this piece and so I
had him cut two minutes out of it we had
to you know add a mix and match you know
what parts of the song I wanted and he
seemed it together and and I just worked
on it for the last four weeks and hoping
that it would come out the way it did
when you touched me I got tears in my
eyes when I was watching it and I always
do when I watching parts oh well I
didn't really look at the emotional
thing I was really scared to death
from that you look very confident you
don't look scared when you're out they
just had an act I think because I'm such
he thought I'm studying this song I can
hear that I'm trying to find my notes
because I usually use a back note of a
piece of music you'll hear this beats
all sound but I'm looking for that back
note that I'm grabbing you know so it
all sinks and comes together I feel it
okay and so that's the it's not easy to
do that we got to keep working and
working and working it and when you want
to throw a little finesse a little
contemporary arts into it that's another
whole ballgame like the legs and they
are playing the violin I don't even know
how to describe you have to watch it to
see it is different why were you in the
dark and him what got you out of the
dark so to speak
I think last that in 2012 you and I went
hard at the teeth at the Tampa that time
you now were known for what we brought
and then I didn't think I was going to
be make it to Olympia so this is high
and low and then all Senor call me like
you're going to the oh I'm like okay so
I'm calling sweet and saying I'm not
flying to Sweden yet I'm staying here
and there was just like this long road
and then nobody came to my game nobody
my family you know and all seen these
kind of need that support oh yeah you
know you have nobody to share it with
you know I'm flying in I mean melody and
I fly in together but there was just
really nobody to relish with it and then
I just couldn't wait to get to Sweden
and then being out there with another
family and touring everything doing
things I've never done before
I've idolized you a little bit yeah and
I start feeling different things about
life so I thought you know um I came
back to start prepping then I hit you up
and I said you know what I need to back
out because nothing was happening
I needed to roam the world and go live
life a little bit and then things start
coming together revenues I'm like this
is getting a little Kyle like this
interview but talk to me about the
Olympia because last three years ago in
your top six this year going in this is
the best look you've ever had what would
be acceptable for you this year you know
I I like trying to mimic what you and I
do the first time and I know like either
Weinberger says you know I want you be a
bit fuller but
I like what you and I bring to the stage
nobody that really has our conditioning
the scharton as the detail the most
detail you've ever been to
yeah and knowing that every time we get
together we get me that much more which
is when somebody says you get out of the
beat your best Simone oh my god
you know never time it so that sets the
bar for myself again and my ultimate
goal would be to crack that top three
you know so when I'm looking at the
other girls I'm thinking okay I'm
looking symmetry balance you know and
conditioning mm-hmm and presentation
presentation exactly not in space Sheila
black our women's bodybuilding champion
here tonight she's going to the Olympia
in less than six weeks for now I'm Dave
Palumbo our ex muscle